[BEGINNING THEME MUSIC]
-♪ SOME PEOPLE STAND
IN THE DARKNESS ♪
♪ AFRAID TO STEP
INTO THE LIGHT ♪
♪ SOME PEOPLE NEED
TO HELP SOMEBODY ♪
♪ WHEN THE EDGE OF
SURRENDER'S IN SIGHT ♪
♪ DON'T YOU WORRY
♪ IT'S GONNA BE ALL RIGHT ♪
♪ 'CAUSE I'M ALWAYS READY
♪ I WON'T LET YOU
OUT OF MY SIGHT ♪
♪ I'LL BE READY
♪ NEVER YOU FEAR
♪ NO DON'T YOU FEAR
♪ I'LL BE READY
♪ FOREVER AND ALWAYS
♪ I'M ALWAYS HERE
♪ 'CAUSE I'M ALWAYS READY
♪ I WON'T LET YOU
OUT OF MY SIGHT ♪
♪ OH
♪ I'LL BE READY
♪ NEVER YOU FEAR
♪ NO DON'T YOU FEAR
♪ I'LL BE READY
♪ FOREVER AND ALWAYS
♪ I'M ALWAYS HERE
[ROCK MUSIC]
♪ WELL I'M RUNNING FROM TOMORROW
♪ GOT THE DEVIL ON MY BACK
♪ GOTTA BEG STEAL AND BORROW
♪ CUZ I'M UNDER AN ATTACK
♪ WHEN YOUR LIFE IS ON THE LINE
♪ WILL YOU SURVIVE OR SURRENDER
♪ GOT ANGEL ON MY SHOULDER
♪ AND A PRICE ON MY HEAD
♪ KEEP YOU ENEMIES CLOSER
♪ THE DEAD MAN SAID
♪ WHEN YOUR LIFE IS ON THE LINE
♪ WILL YOU SURVIVE OR SURRENDER
♪ ALL THIS TIME
I HAD MY NOSE TO THE GROUND ♪
♪ AND MY EYES UPON THE SKY
♪ BUT NOW I'LL SPREAD MY WINGS AND FLY
♪ SO I'M RISING
♪ CUZ I REALLY WANNA TOUCH THE SKY
♪ RISING UP
♪ REACHING OUT GUNNA SHOUT
CUZ I WANNA FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ GETTING HIGHER
♪ CUZ YOU'LL NEVER FIND OUT
IF YOU DON'T TRY ♪
♪ HIGH ABOVE
♪ YEAH I REALLY WANNA TOUCH THE SKY
♪ RISING UP
♪ IT'S A TOUGH PILL TO SWALLOW
♪ WHEN YOU'RE FALLING OF THE TRACKS
♪ AND YOUR WORDS RING HOLLOW
GOTTA PICK UP ALL THE SLACK ♪
♪ WHEN YOUR LIFE IS ON THE LINE
♪ WILL YOU SURVIVE OR SURRENDER?
♪ ALL THIS TIME
I HAD MY NOSE TO THE GROUND ♪
♪ AND MY EYES UPON THE SKY
♪ BUT NOW I'LL SPREAD MY WINGS AND FLY
♪ SO I'M RISING
♪ CUZ I REALLY WANNA TOUCH THE SKY
♪ RISING UP
♪ REACHING OUT GUNNA SHOUT
CUZ I WANNA FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ GETTING HIGHER
♪ CUZ YOU'LL NEVER FIND OUT
IF YOU DON'T TRY ♪
♪ HIGH ABOVE
♪ YEAH I REALLY WANNA TOUCH THE SKY
♪ RISING UP
-HEY, HOW ARE THE WAVES?
-UNBELIEVABLE.
IT'S LIKE A LAUNCHING PAD.
I FELT LIKE I WAS
ON A HANG GLIDER.
-COOL.
-YOU ALL PACKED?
-YEAH, MY STUFF'S
IN LANDON'S VAN.
HIS PARENTS ARE WAITING FOR ME.
I JUST CAME TO SAY SEE YA.
-YOU GOT BODY BOARDS?
-YEAH, ONE FOR TRICKS
AND ONE FOR SPEED.
-I WISH I WAS GOING WITH YOU.
-YEAH, I WISH YOU WERE TOO.
WE'RE GONNA GET
THE BIG OL' TROPHY,
AND ALL THE A&W WE
CAN DRINK FOR A YEAR.
-YOU BETTER WIN, 'CAUSE
I LOVE THAT CREAM SODA.
-ALL RIGHT, I'LL DO
IT JUST FOR YOU.
-OKAY, YOU CALL ME WHEN YOU
GET TO SANTA BARBARA, HUH?
-ALL RIGHT, I WILL. I LOVE YOU.
-LOVE YOU, TOO. GOOD LUCK.
HEY BRING ME BACK ONE
OF THOSE T-SHIRTS, HUH?
-ALL RIGHT. I WILL.
-HEY, YOU SURE
THIS IS THE PLACE?
-YEAH, I ONCE PASSED
IT WITH MITCH.
HE SAID THAT HE AND HIS BROTHER
USED TO SURF HERE
TO SETTLE THINGS.
-HOW'S THAT?
-FIRST ONE WHO WIPES
OUT ON THE ROCKS, LOSES.
-SO WHAT ABOUT LEASHES?
-WE DON'T USE THEM.
-HEY, MATT, YOU KNOW HOW
MUCH THIS BOARD COSTS?
-HEY, YOU WANT TO FORFEIT?
-OKAY, SO, CLOSEST TO THE
ROCK WITHOUT WIPING OUT WINS.
IS THAT RIGHT?
LOSER LAYS OFF SUMMER?
-AND IF WE BOTH WIPE OUT,
WE BOTH LAY OFF SUMMER.
-OKAY, SO WHAT IF
NEITHER OF US WIPES OUT?
-WE'LL HAVE TO
FIND SOMETHING ELSE.
-SUMMER, COME ON, HOP IN.
-I NEED TO WORK OUT.
-YOU'VE WORKED OUT LONG ENOUGH.
-I JUST HAVE 200
MORE CALORIES TO BURN.
-YOU'RE THIN, SUMMER.
YOU'RE THIN.
NOW WILL YOU STOP
WORRYING ABOUT IT.
AND GET IN THE TRUCK, NOW!
DID YOU HAVE BREAKFAST
THIS MORNING?
-YES.
-DID YOU BINGE AND PURGE?
-NO.
LOOK, CJ, IF WE'RE NOT GONNA
DRIVE, I'LL JUST RUN, OKAY?
-DID YOU GO TO THAT
CLINIC I TOLD YOU ABOUT?
-LOOK, CJ, FOR THE LAST TIME,
I DO NOT HAVE AN
EATING DISORDER, OKAY?
YOU JUST DON'T KNOW
THE KIND OF PRESSURE
THAT MATT AND SLADE
HAVE BEEN PUTTING ON ME.
-OH, I KNOW ALL ABOUT
THE KIND OF PRESSURE
THAT MEN PUT US UNDER.
BELIEVE ME,
AND THAT IS NOT THE PROBLEM.
-OH, YEAH? THEN WHAT IS?
-YOU'RE BULIMIC.
-I AM NOT BULIMIC.
-AND YOU'RE IN DENIAL.
-OH.
-SUMMER, WAKE UP. THERE ARE
PEOPLE THAT CAN HELP YOU.
YOU COULD DIE FROM THIS.
-[SCOFF].
[YELLS]
-HAVE YOU SEEN MY BOARD?
-NO.
-PIECES OF IT?
-NOPE.
-WHERE'D IT GO?
-MITCH.
-YEAH.
-CAN I TALK TO YOU?
-SURE, WHAT'S UP?
-I'M WORRIED ABOUT SUMMER.
SHE HAS ALL THE CLASSIC
SIGNS OF BULIMIA,
AND I'M AFRAID
THAT'S GONNA AFFECT
HER ABILITY TO LIFE GUARD.
-CJ, SHE SEEMS FINE TO ME.
I HAVEN'T NOTICED ANYTHING.
-WELL PEOPLE WITH
EATING DISORDERS
ARE MASTERS AT HIDING IT.
IT SAPS YOUR STRENGTH.
SHE COULD PASS OUT
DURING A RESCUE.
-CAN'T PULL HER OFF DUTY JUST
BECAUSE YOU'RE SUSPICIOUS.
-MITCH, I KNOW
ABOUT THESE THINGS.
I'VE GONE THROUGH IT.
I WENT THROUGH A YEAR OF
HELL BINGING AND PURGING.
IT'S LIKE BEING AN
ALCOHOLIC BUT WITH FOOD.
-I'M SORRY, CJ. I NEVER KNEW.
-WELL IT'S NOT SOMETHING
I GO AROUND TELLING PEOPLE.
BUT I GOT HELP, AND I THINK
THAT'S WHAT SUMMER NEEDS TOO.
DO YOU THINK YOU
COULD TALK TO HER?
-ABSOLUTELY.
-OH, AND DO YOU THINK YOU CAN
TALK TO MATT AND SLADE, TOO?
THEY'RE PUTTING A LOT
OF PRESSURE ON SUMMER.
-OKAY.
HEY, GUYS, HOW WAS
SURFING THIS MORNING?
-MITCH, YOU WON'T BELIEVE IT.
WE SURFED WHITE WATER COVE.
-YEAH AND MATT WIPED OUT.
-MY BOARD DISAPPEARED. I MEAN,
IT HIT THE ROCKS,
AND IT WAS GONE.
-HAPPENS OUT THERE.
-HOW?
-WHAT DO YOU THINK
HAPPENED TO IT?
-I DON'T KNOW. THERE'S
SOME SORT OF UNDERCURRENT,
PULLS THE BOARDS DOWN
INTO SOME KIND OF CAVE.
OLD TIME SURFERS CALL IT
THE SURFBOARD BURIAL GROUND.
-YOU EVER GONE IN IT?
-NO, I HAVEN'T. YOU GOTTA
FREE DIVE TO GET IN THERE,
BUT BEN WENT IN THERE ONCE.
SAID HE FOUND ONE OF DUKE
KAHANAMOKU'S OLD LONG BOARDS.
-WHOA.
-LISTEN, THAT'S NOT WHY I CAME.
I WANT TO TALK TO YOU
GUYS ABOUT SUMMER.
-SHE'S THE FASTEST
MINI JET BOAT THERE IS.
-IS IT TRACEABLE?
-NO, YOU GOT THE CASH?
-DON'T WORRY. IT'S ALL THERE.
-LADY, YOU JUST
BOUGHT YOURSELF A BOAT.
-SO I'M COUNTING ON YOU
GUYS NOT TO PRESSURE SUMMER.
ARE WE CLEAR?
-MITCH, SLADE AND
I WORKED THINGS OUT.
I'M GONNA BACK OFF.
-SHE NEEDS HER SPACE.
YOU BACK OFF, TOO, ALL RIGHT?
-OKAY.
-OKAY GUYS, THANKS A LOT.
-SEE YA LATER.
-SO WHAT DO YOU
THINK WE SHOULD DO?
-RIGHT NOW?
I WANT TO GO FIND THAT
CAVE AND CHECK IT OUT.
-YEAH, I WANT TO
FIND MY SURF BOARD.
BUT THERE'S NO TIME TODAY.
WE'LL HAVE TO DIVE AND
FIND THE CAVE TOMORROW.
-ALL RIGHT.
-ATTENTION, PRISONERS.
VISITING HOURS
FOR CELL BLOCK C WILL
START IN FIVE MINUTES.
VISITING HOURS FOR CELL BLOCK
C WILL START IN FIVE MINUTES.
-MA'AM, WATCH YOUR STEP.
-SERGENT NELSON
TO THE INMATE PROCESSING CENTER
SERGENT NELSON TO THE
INMATE PROCESSING CENTER.
-NO TOUCHING.
-BRADY, DON'T.
PLEASE, THEY'LL PUT
YOU BACK IN SOLITARY.
-FIVE MINUTES.
-I COULDN'T WAIT ANOTHER
SIX MONTHS NOT SEEING YOU.
-DID YOU GET THE BOAT?
-IT'S THE KIND OF BOAT
WE ALWAYS DREAMED ABOUT.
IT'S SO FAST, IT'S LIKE
YOU'RE FLYING OVER THE WATER.
LAST NIGHT I DREAMT I WAS IN IT.
YOU WERE SWIMMING TOWARD ME,
AND THE SUN WAS
RISING BEHIND YOU.
YOU WERE FREE, BRADY.
WE WERE RACING OFF TOGETHER.
-YOU DREAM THAT
SAME DREAM TONIGHT.
-I WILL.
-SO WILL I.
-HERE YOU GO.
OKAY, ENJOY.
-HI HONEY.
-HI MOM.
-CAN I GET YOU
SOMETHING TO EAT?
-UM NO, I'LL JUST HAVE
A GLASS OF WATER, THANKS.
-OH, COME ON, NOW. YOU GOTTA
HAVE SOMETHING TO EAT.
LET ME MAKE YOU A SANDWICH.
HOW ABOUT TODAY'S SPECIAL HUH?
A TUNA MELT.
-MOM, I DON'T WANT
ANYTHING TO EAT, OKAY?
JUST WATER.
-OKAY, OKAY. ONE GLASS
OF WATER COMING UP.
-THANK YOU.
-ALL RIGHT, COME HERE, DAUGHTER.
SIT DOWN. I WANT
TO TALK WITH YOU.
SO FILL ME IN, HUH? HOW GOES
THE SAGA OF MATTHEW AND SLADE?
WHAT ARE THE LATEST HIGHLIGHTS?
-NONE, AND THERE'S
NOT GONNA BE ANY
TOMORROW OR THE NEXT DAY.
SO JUST STOP ASKING ALL RIGHT?
-HONEY, YOU'RE BEING SILLY.
AVOIDING BOTH OF
THEM ISN'T GOING
TO MAKE YOU FEEL ANY BETTER.
SWEETIE, YOU'RE GONNA
HAVE TO RESOLVE THIS,
ONE WAY OR ANOTHER.
-HOW?
AND IF I CHOOSE ONE,
THEN I'M GONNA JUST
RUIN ALL OF OUR FRIENDSHIPS.
-ALL RIGHT THEN, DON'T CHOOSE.
SPEND TIME WITH BOTH OF
THEM, BE FRIENDS, YOU KNOW?
DO THINGS TOGETHER, HAVE FUN,
AND JUST LET NATURAL
SELECTION TAKE OVER.
-NATURAL SELECTION.
-YEAH.
SWEETIE THE MORE TIME THE
THREE OF YOU SPEND TOGETHER,
IT'S GOING TO BECOME
APPARENT TO ALL OF YOU
WHICH TWO WERE MEANT
TO BE TOGETHER.
-YEAH, WHICH IS PROBABLY GONNA
END UP BEING MATT AND SLADE.
THEN THEY'RE BOTH
JUST GONNA DUMP ME.
-WELL MAYBE...
BUT, SWEETIE, AT LEAST IT
WILL BE RESOLVED, OKAY?
I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
-SUMMER, CAN WE
TALK ABOUT SOMETHING?
-NOT NOW MATT.
-LIEUTENANT ALTERMAN, COME TO
THE PROPERTY ROOM.
LIEUTENANT ALTERMAN, PLEASE
COME TO THE PROPERTY ROOM.
SERGENT MASON, YOU'RE
NEEDED AT THE FRONT WINDOW.
SERGENT MASON TO THE
FRONT WINDOW, PLEASE.
-MAN: FREEZE!
FULL SECURITY ALERT. ESCAPE IN
PROGRESS. EMERGENCY LOCK DOWN.
[ALARM BLARING]
FULL SECURITY ALERT. ESCAPE IN
PROGRESS. EMERGENCY LOCK DOWN.
PROGRESS, EMERGENCY LOCK DOWN.
-HE'S IN THE WATER.
-THERE HE IS.
-DON'T LET HIM GET AWAY.
-OPEN FIRE.
-BRADY!
COME ON, BABY. YOU'RE OUT.
COME ON, HANG ON.
COME ON, BRADY. WE'RE TOGETHER.
WE'RE TOGETHER. COME ON.
-ONE OF THE PRISON GUARDS IS
SURE HE WOUNDED THE ESCAPEE
SO THEY MAY NOT HAVE GOTTEN FAR.
-WHO ARE THESE CHARACTERS?
-DEBRA HARRIS AND BRADY NICKELS.
HAVE YOUR LIFE GUARDS BE
ON THE LOOKOUT FOR THEM.
-WHAT'S THEIR STORY?
-WELL SHE CONNED RICH MEN.
ONCE THEY BROUGHT HER HOME,
SHE'D PINPOINT THEIR VALUABLES,
HE'D COME IN AND ROB THEM.
A COUPLE OF THEIR
MARKS ENDED UP DEAD.
-SO WHO DID 'EM IN, HIM OR HER?
-WELL, HE TOOK THE FALL FOR IT,
BUT A LOT OF PEOPLE
THINK SHE WAS THE REAL KILLER.
-LISTEN, SUMMER,
WE NEED TO TALK.
-MATT.
-THIS MORNING, SLADE AND I
WORKED THINGS OUT. WE--
-OH DON'T EVEN TELL ME.
I DON'T WANT TO KNOW.
LISTEN, MATT, I JUST WANT US TO
BE FRIENDS AGAIN. ALL OF US.
I WANT TO GO AND
DO THINGS TOGETHER.
YOU KNOW, HAVE FUN
THE WAY WE USED TO.
LET'S JUST GO BACK
TO WAY THINGS WERE
WHEN WE ALL FIRST MET, PLEASE?
-HEY, THAT'S OKAY WITH ME.
REALLY, IT IS.
I JUST NEVER WANT TO
LOSE YOUR FRIENDSHIP.
-THANK YOU, MATT.
I DON'T EVER WANT TO
LOSE YOURS EITHER.
I'M GONNA TALK TO SLADE AND THEN
MAYBE WE CAN ALL GO OUT
AND DO SOMETHING FUN.
-WELL, WHY DON'T YOU COME
WITH US TOMORROW MORNING.
-WHERE?
-WE'RE GOING TO THE SURF
BOARD BURIAL GROUNDS.
-WHERE?
-JUST COME WITH US. YOU'LL SEE.
-THAT'S GOOD. RIGHT THERE.
-OW.
-HANG ON, BRADY.
HANG ON. HANG ON.
OKAY. OKAY. OKAY.
I GOTTA GET YOU TO A DOCTOR.
-NO, I'D RATHER DIE THAN
GO BACK TO THAT PRISON.
-IF YOU DIE,
I DON'T WANT TO LIVE.
I WON'T LIVE WITHOUT YOU
ANYMORE, BRADY. I WON'T DO IT.
-WHY ISN'T THIS BOAT MOVING?
WHY AREN'T WE OUT TO SEA YET?
-I TOLD THE CAPTAIN TO
STAY HERE UNTIL I GOT --
-OH --
-COME ON, BABY.
YOU GOTTA HANG ON.
I'M GONNA GET SOMEONE
WHO CAN HELP YOU.
SOMEONE WHO CAN GET THAT
BULLET OUT, ALL RIGHT?
COME ON. YOU GOTTA HANG ON.
-TWO WAVE RUNNERS IN TWO DAYS.
IT'S NOT GONNA LOOK GOOD
ON THE BUDGET REPORT.
AH, I GOT IT. I'LL GET
STEPHANIE TO SIGN IT.
OH, PURCHASE ORDER.
HEY!
WHAT THE HELL ARE
YOU DOING HERE?
-GET ON THE BOAT. NOW, MOVE.
NOW STOP. RIGHT THERE. STOP.
PUT EVERYTHING DOWN.
MOVE!
HELP HIM.
-PUT THE GUN DOWN FIRST.
-THIS ISN'T A NEGOTIATION.
IF HE DIES SO DO YOU.
-IF I DIE, SO WILL HE.
-DON'T PLAY GAMES WITH ME.
I KNOW WHAT YOUR JOB REQUIRES,
AND YOU HAVE TO
DO THE RIGHT THING
NO MATTER WHAT THE SITUATION.
SO STOP WASTING TIME
AND SAVE HIS LIFE,
AND YOUR OWN.
-YOU KNOW, THERE WILL BE
PEOPLE LOOKING FOR ME.
-WELL, YOU JUST LET
ME WORRY ABOUT THAT.
HELP HIM.
HE'S DYING.
WHAT IS THIS? A BULLET WOUND?
-YEAH.
-HOW LONG AGO?
-ALMOST THREE HOURS AGO.
-HE'S LOST A LOT OF BLOOD.
YOU GOTTA GET HIM TO A HOSPITAL.
-THAT'S NOT AN OPTION.
-I'M NOT A SURGEON.
-IF YOU HAVE THAT EQUIPMENT,
YOU KNOW HOW TO USE IT.
SO USE IT. USE IT NOW.
-YOU'RE TRYING TO TELL
ME THAT YOU EXPECT ME
TO PULL A BULLET OUT
OF THIS GUY OUT AT SEA?
-DON'T YOU DARE
UNDERESTIMATE HOW IMPORTANT
HIS LIFE IS TO ME, AND
HOW UNIMPORTANT YOURS IS.
HELP HIM, OR I SWEAR
IT, I'LL KILL YOU.
-JUST TAKE IT EASY, HUH?
I GOT A SON. HIS NAME IS HOBIE.
HE'S 12 YEARS OLD.
-WELL WE HAVE A SON NAMED SETH,
AND HE'S FIVE YEARS OLD,
AND HIS FATHER'S DYING.
HELP HIM.
-SUMMER ARE YOU
SURE YOU'RE ALL RIGHT?
-YEAH I'M FINE.
I'M WITH MY TWO BEST FRIENDS.
WHAT COULD BE WRONG?
-I DON'T KNOW. YOU JUST LOOK
A LITTLE PALE, THAT'S ALL.
MAYBE YOU BETTER STAY HERE.
-OH, NO, I'M GONNA BE ALL RIGHT
ONCE I HIT THE WATER.
IT'LL REVIVE ME.
-JUST TRYING TO LOOK OUT
FOR MY FRIEND, THAT'S ALL.
-SLADE, THANKS FOR
AGREEING TO DO THIS.
-ARE YOU READY?
-YEAH, LET'S DO IT.
-ALL RIGHT. GET READY.
ONE, TWO--
WOW.
-WOW.
LOOK AT THIS PLACE.
THERE'S MY BOARD.
WHERE'S THE OTHER ONE?
WHOA!
-WHAT WAS THAT ALL ABOUT?
CHECK IT OUT.
THIS BOARD MUST BE 30 YEARS OLD.
-YOU GUYS, I HOPE WE
CAN MAKE IT OUT OF HERE.
THIS CURRENT IS REALLY STRONG.
-THIS LOOKS LIKE AN
OLD '50'S LONG BOARD.
-WHAT WAS THAT? I FELT
SOMETHING TOUCH MY LEG.
-IT'S JUST SEAWEED.
-NO, IT FELT LIKE --
-SUMMER!
[GASPING]
HEY, LET'S GET
SUMMER OUT OF HERE.
-YOU ALL RIGHT?
-I'M NOT GONNA MAKE IT.
-YES YOU CAN.
YOU CAN MAKE IT, COME ON.
WE'LL DO IT TOGETHER.
HOLD YOUR BREATH FOR 20 SECONDS.
ONE, TWO --
-[SCREAMING]
-[GASPING]
-MATT!
-GET OUT, NOW!
MATT!
MATT! MATT!
NO, I'VE GOT TO GO BACK
IN AND HELP HIM!
HELP HIM!
-NO, YOU'RE TOO WEAK.
I GOTTA STAY WITH YOU.
-NO, I DON'T CARE! GO!
PLEASE! GO, PLEASE!
I LOVE YOU. I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
-I'M HERE.
IT'S OKAY.
-YOU WANT YOUR
BOYFRIEND TO LIVE,
YOU BETTER TELL THE
CAPTAIN TO STOP THE SHIP.
-DROP ANCHOR. DO IT.
-NOW?
YES, MA'AM.
-OKAY, I'M GONNA NEED
YOUR HELP HERE.
I NEED YOUR HELP.
GRAB SOME GAUZE.
PUT IT ON THE WOUND.
COME ON, HOLD IT TIGHT.
ALL RIGHT.
I NEED BOTH HANDS.
COME ON, I NEED BOTH HANDS.
GRAB THE SODIUM CHLORIDE.
IT'S IN THAT BOTTLE RIGHT THERE.
-COME ON, SLADE.
DON'T GO TO HAWAII MAN.
STAY HERE.
-NAH, YOU TWO BELONG TOGETHER.
I'M JUST GONNA GO HANG OUT
ON THE NORTH SHORE
FOR THE WINTER.
YOU SHOULD COME VISIT.
-WE'RE GONNA MISS YOU.
-YOU GUYS TAKE
CARE OF EACH OTHER.
-WE WILL.
SEE YOU LATER.
-ALL RIGHT.
[BOTH LAUGHING]
-I LOVE THIS BEACH SO MUCH.
LOOK AT THIS.
-[LAUGHS]
WHAT'S SO FUNNY?
-OH, JUST THINKING
ABOUT ALMOST BEING
THAT OCTOPUS' DINNER HAS MADE ME
LOOK AT FOOD IN SUCH
A DIFFERENT WAY.
-IN WHAT WAY?
-I DON'T KNOW, JUST DIFFERENT.
IT'S NOT SOMETHING TO FILL UP ON
WHEN YOU'RE FEELING EMPTY.
MATT...
THERE'S SOMEWHERE I'D LIKE
YOU TO GO WITH ME TOMORROW.
-SURE, WHERE?
-JUST THIS PLACE
THAT CJ SUGGESTED:
AN EATING DISORDERS CLINIC,
BUT IT WOULD REALLY MEAN A LOT
TO ME IF YOU WERE THERE.
-THEN THAT'S WHERE I'LL BE.
-SCISSORS.
[EXHALES]
WHAT, ARE YOU GONNA
SHOOT ME NOW?
-WERE YOU GONNA STAB
ME WITH THOSE SCISSORS?
-NO, I'M IN THE BUSINESS OF
SAVING LIVES, NOT TAKING THEM.
-DON'T TELL ME YOU
WEREN'T THINKING ABOUT IT.
-YOU MEAN FIGHTING
FOR MY OWN LIFE?
YEAH, THAT THOUGHT'S
CROSSED MY MIND.
-YOU WANT TO LIVE?
THEN DON'T TRY ANYTHING HEROIC.
-YOU WANT HIM TO LIVE?
-OH, HE'D BETTER LIVE.
-HE BETTER GET TO A HOSPITAL.
-AND GO BACK TO PRISON?
NO.
HE'S A FREE SPIRIT.
HE CAN'T BE CAGED.
-HOW'D YOU GET INVOLVED
IN ALL THIS, ANYWAY?
-HE RESCUED ME.
-FROM WHAT?
-FROM A DULL BORING LIFE.
-[LAUGHS] THERE ARE
A LOT OF OTHER WAYS
OF FEELING ALIVE THAN
BEING A CRIMINAL.
-YEAH, I'M SURE THERE ARE.
BUT IT'S LITTLE TO
LATE TO TRY TO GO BACK
AND FIND THEM NOW ISN'T IT?
-NO, IT'S NEVER TOO LATE.
-ONCE YOU PASS THAT POINT,
THERE'S NO GOING BACK.
-HAVE WE?
-HAVE WE WHAT?
-PASSED THAT POINT.
-I DON'T KNOW, MAYBE.
MAYBE NOT.
[ENDING THEME PLAYING]